I kiss
just
Stop
Hey, hey, hey.
Brat, you dare to spoil grandpa's good deeds
Come on, your people have been dealt with by me.
Enjoy life and heroes
Can you enjoy it?
Brother, go get his prisoner
Don't talk
Your Highness
Since he got the evidence
And one of them
What's the hurry?
You ask me what's the hurry
He will return to Beijing soon.
At that time, my collusion with Mo Jiao will fail
What about my throne?
I have fused all four elves
now
Even if Sonny plays with his master and brother
No match for me
Solved Sang Ming
The world is mine and yours
Go quickly
Dog Buyan has instructed to collude with the Demon Cult
All accounts
The second princess really participated
With this evidence
We can go back to Beijing to join our brothers